[READY FOR MERGE] [VSEE-1244] [VSEE-1300] App-Scanning Supply Chain docs (#3292)
pivotal/docs-tap: scst-scan/setup-supply-chain-component.md

# Setup Supply Chain Component

> This topic tells how to install the Trivy Supply Chain Component and create your own Supply Chain Component where they use the SCST - Scan 2.0 and the components are used in the Tanzu Supply Chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic covers how to install the Trivy Supply Chain Component, creating custom Supply Chain Component using the SCST - Scan 2.0, and the components that are available from the Tanzu Supply Chain.
```

## Overview

* How to install the Trivy Supply Chain Component that uses SCST - Scan 2.0
* How to write your own Component that uses SCST - Scan 2.0

> * How to view component

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* How to view the component
```

# Setup the Supply Chain Component

This topic covers how to install the Trivy Supply Chain Component, create custom Supply Chain Component using the SCST - Scan 2.0, and view the components that are available to be used in the Tanzu Supply Chain.

## <a id="overview"></a> Overview

> * [Install Trivy Supply Chain Component](./setup-supply-chain-component.md#install-trivy-supply-chain-component)

Reviewer 3: **Issue**: double check your ID links for all 3 links

Author: In Visual Studio I tried confirming this. For links within the same page, it doesn't seem to take me to the section. I did confirm I used auto completion to specify these links and these are what Visual studio suggested to me. How can I confirm these links work?

Reviewer 3: Oh, for this I go to https://github.com/pivotal/docs-tap/blob/dc877e214dcfc18ea14d347b8f09ea7e071d588c/scst-scan/setup-supply-chain-component.md (the preview in github) and then try clicking on the links...

i'm not sure which is a more accurate representation tbh.

Author: I tried both ways but it still doesn't render anything when I click on the links. But in the id tags and the link I matched it string to string I believe. 

How about we try to merge this and see if docs staging renders this?

This is slightly digressing but from Denny's comment, these paragraph sections needs to show up on the right side bar like here 
<img width="1828" alt="Screenshot 2024-02-12 at 1 12 23 PM" src="https://github.com/pivotal/docs-tap/assets/7121833/b0f33428-490b-4e8e-8c2c-cd86f3ee4fd0">
But I don't know how to test for that besides just merging this. So that's another reason to try merge this and see what renders?

1. List version information for the Trivy Supply Chain Component package by running:
```
tanzu package available list trivy.app-scanning.component.apps.tanzu.vmware.com --namespace tap-install
```

For example:
```
$ tanzu package available list trivy.app-scanning.component.apps.tanzu.vmware.com --namespace tap-install
NAME                                                VERSION                              RELEASED-AT
trivy.app-scanning.component.apps.tanzu.vmware.com  TRIVY-COMPONENT-VERSION              2024-01-26 12:35:39 -0500 EST
```

2. Install Trivy Supply Chain Component package.
```
tanzu package install trivy-app-scanning-component --package-name trivy.app-scanning.component.apps.tanzu.vmware.com \
    --version TRIVY-COMPONENT-VERSION \
    --namespace tap-install
```

### <a id="customize-component"></a> Customize Scanning Component

This section covers how to create a custom Scanning Supply Chain Component that uses SCST - Scan 2.0.

1. Customize a component by retrieving the yaml of the Trivy Supply Chain Component and modifying the following fields:
    ```
    kubectl get component trivy-image-scan-1.0.0 -n trivy-app-scanning-catalog -o yaml > component.yaml

>     apiVersion: supply-chain.apps.tanzu.vmware.com/v1alpha1

Reviewer 3: **Suggestion**: I think adding a line break to have some separation between the command and the output (not really output but same same) will help with readability

Author: I decided to separate this into two segments:
* First show the command
* Then show the example of the command
